# Attendees #
  * Neha
  * Rashmi
  * Koos
  * Gert
  * Aswini

# Agenda #
  * Status Reports
  * Preparing for FIATECH

# Status Reports #
  * Gert
    * Adapter Manager - Configuration (On Hold)
      * What still needs to be done?
  * Currently it Generates Config
  * Needs Configuration Editing
    * Working on Mapping Editor and Search Panel
  * Koos
    * Is working with Gert on Drag and Drop (Extreme Programming)
  * Aswini
    * Working on RefData Search Panel
      * Rob asked Aswini to review Gert's JS which is modified from his.
      * Aswini alreayd reviewed and implemented in RefData.
      * Aswini has action to commit.
  * Rashmi
    * Working on IIP
    * AddClass and AddTemplate RefDataManager
      * Gert suggested to move AddClass and AddTemplate buttons to context menu
      * Rob suggested we move federation buttons to the context menu as well.
        * Use Scope menu as example
  * No Reload
  * Change "New" to "Add"
  * Fang
    * Working on UI Tweaks (from JIRA)
  * Hahn
    * NHibernate Configuration
  * Neha
    * Working on IIP
    * Working on assessing Scope Rename

# Preparing FIATECH #
  * Will discuss in next meeting.