#summary Date: 2010/05/18  Time: 08:30 EST
#labels Meeting
=Sprint 1 Buy-In Meeting=

==Agenda==
 * Review the Estimates
 * Clarify and Questions

==Attendees==
 * Darius Kanga
 * Tom Struzik
 * Ravi Grampurohit
 * Rahul Patil
 * Koos Strydom
 * Robertson Sagolsem
 * Jim Kinter
 * Mohd Moubarak
 * Hahn Le

==Estimation Process==
 * Development team had 2 meetings...
  * [iRINGTools_Sprint_01_Estimation_01]
  * [iRINGTools_Sprint_01_Estimation_02]
 * Rob did a Effort vs. Work analysis and created a Task Board (http://scrumy.com/iring-tools)
 * The estimates worked out that there was just enough effort to complete all of the items.
 * Koos pointed out that there are some interdependencies.
  * Rob agreed, and noted that no Gant chart was done.
  * However, the team had considered the interdependencies during their estimation meetings.
 * Koos noted that some breathing room was desired by the team.

==Review the Estimates==
UI clarifications for the following Issues.
 * Issue 80
  * Darius suggested the possible use of Tabs to seperate Maps from ValueLists
  * Team decided to try it.  If it proves too difficult, then we could simply put them in a sub-node.
 * Issue 81
  * Rahul asked if we could simply auto-save.
  * Rob pointed out that when we remove code generation, the save will be the only barrier to behavior changes.
 * Issue 87
  * How should related items appear in DataObject pane?
  * Team decided on the following:
{{{
 Line
  tag
  diameter
  Valve (1.*)
   tag
   type
 Valve
  tag
  type
}}}
  * Koos and Darius pointed out that sometimes Valve should appear seperately and sometimes not.
  * Hahn noted that we need to handle both cases.
  * Agreed to add a property to the DataDictionary to control whether object is visible
 * Issue 92
  * Rob suggested we push this item off to the next Sprint.
  * Darius suggested that it needs to be fixed, as this is restricting use.
  * The UI estimate was unclear, and was probably too small.
  * Team decided to not extend the UI now (-3 days), but to enable the feature in XML configuration.
 * Issue 94
  * Darius suggested that Repository Names be added to ALL duplicates when dupes are found.
  * Koos suggested that Repository Names be added to ALL items
  * Team decided on the following:
{{{
TAG NAME (ReferenceData)
TAG NAME (My Private Sandbox)
TAG NAME (My Private Sandbox) [Duplicate]
TAG NAME (My Private Sandbox) [Duplicate 2]
}}}
 * Darius added Issue 88
  * Rob mentioned that entity type was excluded for a reason, but would get back to the team.
  * Upon further analysis, it was decided to add and see how it goes.
  * Rob agreed that this item was very small, and easy to add.
   * Make TextBox editable in UI, and write rdf:type statement on QMXF Post (+1 day).
 * Issue 105, Issue 110, Issue 111
  * Team discussed possible UI variations regarding Repository scope, and Templates.
  * Team decided on the following:
   * Classes UI would be changed
    * Specialization and Classification would:
     * Remove "Add" and "Remove" buttons.
     * Add "Edit" button.
    * Specialization and Classification UIs would be added.
     * list additional information (repository, read/write access)
     * "Add" and "Remove" buttons
     * Combo box to select writable repository used to Add.
    * Template UI would get new Parent Template selection field.
    * Templates UI would get a radio button for
     * Base Template
      * Disable Parent Template selection field
     * Specialized Template
      * Enable Parent Template Selection
       * OnSelect - populate roles from parent
       * Role Name and Description are not editable.
    * Template UI - Roles Block would get new Value selection field.
    * Templates UI - Roles Block would get new radio button for
     * Value
      * Disable Range selection field
      * Enable Value selection field
     * Range
      * Enable Range selection field
      * Disable Value selection field

==ActionItems==
Team to document UI changes for each Issue above with PowerPoint Slides.
Team to send slides to Darius.