#summary Date: 2011/03/31 Time: 08:00 EST
#labels Meeting

=Attendees=
 * Gert
 * Neha
 * Hahn
 * Rashmi
 * Aswini
 * Mohd
 * Koos
 * Palvinder
 * Fang
 
=Agenda=
 * Overall Status Update - Rob
 * IIP Project
 * Detail Status from Subteams

=Notes=
==Overall Status Update==
 * iRINGSandbox
  * Bamboo
   * log in and select repository alias.
  * JIRA
   * Tasks in JIRA
  * 2.0.4 Release
  * Would like to Release 2.1 Alpha
  * IIP - SDK Discussion
   * Add Comments!
   * SDK Guide will need to be update

==IIP Project==
 * Neha - SP3D
 * Koos/Rashmi - SPI

==Detail Status==
 * Gert
  * Discussed Progress on Generic Config
  * Need a subteam meeting to discuss technical details
   * Gert
   * Neha
   * Koos
   * Rob
   * Fang
   * Hahn
 * Neha
  * System is now ready.
  * Busy with IIP project.
 * Koos
  * Mapping - dependency on search Panel 
  * Working C# Search Panel
  * dotNetRdf
 * Hahn
  * Working on Release 2.0.4
     * needs to include latest dotNetRdf
  * Fixing various bugs <--
 * Fang
  * DXFR Unit Test - Complete
  * Getting involved in AdapterManager.
 * Mohd
  * Subteam was meeitng daily - switched to twice a week
   * Aswini - has been testing
   * Test failures were resolved.
   * UI Design is moving forward
   * PostClass is pending.
   * PostTemplate needs work too.
 * Aswini
  * SearchPanel - UI Design is done, but back end is not complete.          
  * working on that - Koos will guide.
 * Rashmi
  * Focusing on IIP or other Java needs like PostClass and PostTemplate.
 * Palvinder (had left)
  * Need to provide technical guidance to Aswini and Rashmi & Neha
