#summary Date: 2012/07/23
#labels Featured
=iRINGTools-2.04.00.5257=

----
*Note:* the [http://iring-tools.googlecode.com/files/iRINGTools-2.4.0.zip iRINGTools Adapter 2.4.0 (5257)] download was updated on August 2, 2012 to modify the included federation.xml file. No other changes were made. If you downloaded the iRINGTools Adapter zip file prior to August 2, you can download the updated [http://iring-tools.googlecode.com/files/iRINGTools-2.4.0-Federation.xml.zip federation.xml] file and copy it to the iRINGTools Services\App_Data folder.
----

Release of iRINGTools 2.4 that includes new features.  

There are 2 packages:

 * iRINGTools Adapter - The original C#-based iRINGTools web applications and services.  This requires IIS6 or higher with .NET 4.0 on Windows.
 * iRINGTools Core - The Java-based web applications and services for centralized Directory, Reference Data, Comparison and Exchange services. This requires Java and Apache Tomcat 6 on any OS.

	
The downloads are available here:
  * [http://iring-tools.googlecode.com/files/iRINGTools-2.4.0.zip iRINGTools Adapter 2.4.0 (5257)]
  * [http://iring-tools.googlecode.com/files/iRINGCore-2.4.0.zip iRINGTools Core 2.4.0 (5257)]
  
A new SDK and Guide will be available soon.

A new Installation Guide will be available soon.

== New Features ==
 * Part 8 (for ref data repositories) fixes
 * Excel loader enhancements
 * Excel data layer
 * JORD repository support
 * “Pre-determined” filters 
 * Performance enhancements (multi-threading)
 
== Bug Fixes ==
 * Many bug fixes and performance improvements in Exchange Services
 * Many bug fixes in Data Service
 * Many bug fixes in DXFR Service
 * Many bug fixes in iRING Library
 * Many bug fixes in Utility Library

Other Pages: [RoadMap] | [ISO15926] | [Documentation] | [Contributors]